Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to integrate Firebase, but before then, we're going to have some request
packages we need in order to use Firebase.
So head up to your browser and head up to pub dot dev.
And over here we're going to have some required packages we need.
Now, one of the packages we need is Firebase Core.
Okay.
We can click on this first thing over here.
But before then you can basically see what it does.
Flutter plugin for Firebase Core Enabling Connecting to multiple Firebase Apps.
But in the future, you're going to see the fullness of this.
Click on this first thing over here, and we need to copy this code and head back to our voice code
and then post back that YAML file and we're going to paste this right after the Cupertino icons we don't
really need to save since we are going to have some more so we can go back and click on this pop.
The dev and the other package we're going to be needed is the Firebase Heart's.
For authentication, you can basically say What does Flutter plugin for Firebase?
Enabling Android and Hours authentication using password.
Phone numbers and identity providers like Google, Facebook and Twitter so we can click on this Firebase
or First Link.
As well.
You're going to see the fullness of what this does in the future.
So we can copy this.
And pays this.
Sorry.
Pays this OC.
And click on this again.
Okay.
For sure.
We're going to have all our data saved.
Right?
So we need this package called cloud faster.
And you can see what does flutter plugin for cloud first or a cloud or stat and you can just redirect
yourself.
So we can't copy this.
And is this okay?
And as you know, we are going to store all of our images.
That is the user images, the product images.
So for this purpose, we're going to need to install a package known as Firebase.
Firebase.
Firebase Store.
Okay.
That is fab storage.
Okay, I think.
We have something.
Fobister.
Well, I think it's called Firebase Firebase Storage.
Firebase Storage.
Hopefully.
Okay.
I'm just going to search for this.
Firebase Storage.
So we can click on this.
And.
Had this.
Okay.
So now we can use concur and save in order to get all these packages we just added.
While it is running, we can then integrate Firebase.
Okay, so now over here, we'll put a new tab and we're going to search for.
Firebase.
And we can go to this first link or via the firebase dot google dot com.
Click on this first link.
Okay.
If for any reason you don't have an account, you can easily just create one and click on.
Console.
Go to console.
Sorry.
Okay.
Go to the console.
I think I'm having a bit slow.
Let's network.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this and check what we have.
Still running.
Okay.
So now what are we going to need to do is we're going to click on had projects.
Hard projects.
Now you can see it's asking for the project name.
We can call this multi.
We'll see whether you can call this whatsoever desire.
But whether.
And we can click on, we confirm ourselves, then click on Continue.
And make sure you disable this.
We don't really need it and create projects.
This is going to take some time and.
Okay.
Provisioning resources.
And.
Finishing up.
Okay.
Now we can click on Continue.
And they're going to be integrating for Android so we can click on Android.
Because he's asking for the Android package name.
And if you want this, you can see where the location is.
Your package name is generally the application ID in your app level.
Build that gradle file.
So we can go back to our vehicle.
This is done.
Okay.
And the harp level.
This is.
Okay.
We can just collapse of this.
And hundred.
And happily reputed cradle.
Okay.
So this is the app.
This is the level integrator.
Okay, it should be, yeah.
Okay.
This is the application ID.
But what we can do is we can make this a bit unique by using our own name.
So over here, we can just use our name.
I can say Mark CLI.
Again.
We're just going to use my name, my colleague.
Famous.
Okay.
You can't use your name over here.
Okay, so what we can then do is we can copy this.
Copy.
And.
Paste it over here for the app nickname because it's not really necessary.
Or you can just say Multi-vendor as well.
Multi-vendor and just click on Continue.
You basically need this two for four to integrate Google so you can just click on Register App.
Okay.
Och.
This is taking longer than expected.
Okay, great.
So now what we have to do is to click on this, to download this download.
Download.
Downloading.
Because, Don, I'm just going to hold my.
My phys.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Sorry.
I think this is taking a bit longer.
Okay, it's done.
Okay.
We can then go to downloads.
That.
Loads.
Okay, this is it over here.
We can cut it.
And go to Dexter.
What the vendor I can.
I have a lot of projects I can just search through.
Okay, this is it.
So we are going to need space.
This is the android.
Then within the app level, like the app level, where we have this Z and this.
So we can then paste this over here.
So now we can click on Nest.
So now this is what is asking for.
He says the the perfect level that Guido is asking us to add this line, this line of here to the project
level, Guido.
So what we can do, we can copy this and head back to vs code.
Sorry.
We need control and save this file.
Okay.
This should be this is the half level.
Be the widow and this should be the project.
The project level be the widow.
And in order to basically know.
Okay.
Project level.
This is the app level.
Okay.
I think we should check.
Project level B that Guido.
Like project level B that grader.
This is the project level for sure.
And they're going to need to have this.
We send the class.
We can basically just know we have to have this since this class is here.
So definitely we going to need to have this here.
So this is the project level we can use containers to save again.
Okay, now.
Screw down.
That is all earbuds this year.
So we need to go down and you can see it wants us to have this other line and it wants us to add it
to the half level bullet griddle.
So we need to copy this.
And head back to the top level.
This is the top level and this is the b the griddle and.
Within here.
You can you can see we still have this apply plugin.
So in case you forget, you should be able to track with this apply plugin we have so we can paste this
over here as well and it's and save.
Okay.
Lastly, we're going to need to have this implementation and it is it is the same directory that is
the hub level.
So we can copy this and.
Scroll down to the implementations.
Okay, great.
Now what we can also do the minimum SDK.
We are going to need to increase it to 21.
Take the for the sensor lighting also.
But we just have to increase the.
Make sure you get rid of this.
And use 21.
So we're basically increasing the minimum SDK version to 21.
I can use control and save and this is basically all you need to do in order to integrate Firebase.
So make sure you stop your app from running if it's already running and you're good to go.
So now we need to click on Nest.
Okay.
Continue to console.
This is all.
So by doing this, we have fully integrated firebase.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.